ceiling painting is one of the most
complex and responsible work with
carrying out repairs in order to
to achieve the best result
should pay special attention to
surface preparation before painting
thoroughly cleaning the ceiling increases
paint adhesion to it and significantly
prolongs the life of the finished coating
the choice is not only important
paints but also tools as a rule
ceilings roller paint
for all its simplicity it is a roller
not brush allows you to achieve great
results from all variety
professional muller and chooses
rolls with long and medium pile
as the main tool for
applying ceiling paint we
recommend swedish tool
manufacturer anza in this case
anza elite rollers and he for three meum they
keep the paint well and its well
roll out before starting work
it is recommended to hold the roller slightly
warm water and pre-roll
now let's talk about colors now paint
almost everywhere I will emulsion them
paints so it will be about
they are better than water emulsion
the rest of the paint provides a smooth and
uniform surface from correct
the choice of brush and its manufacturer depends
initial cost of coverage and final
quality of work so consider paint
premium class
let's start with tikkurila ilume paint finnish
manufacturer of the ceiling segment
paints Scandinavian manufacturers to
These include bikers 2 species and the type of us
finland tikkurila people
is the whitest this paint started
deliver in Russia in 2011
consumption and about 1 liter and 10
square meters drying time 30
minutes from dust
the next layer can be applied after
hour or two
you of this segment wear it
you can paint and walls are different
Scandinavian company Vikkers paint
scotty r2 premium
This Swedish manufacturer has it
is the whitest she possesses
anti glare and
due to the light absorbing properties well
hides some minor flaws
which by the way on the ceiling is noticeably very
much expense and I'm one liter for 8
square meters
Drying time from dust 20-30 minutes
apply the next layer in 2-3 hours
surface painted scotty r2 can
wash the third kind of paint super
mat dulux
from the English manufacturer this
completely matt paint is very good
qualities
one of the features is that her
It can be applied to not completely dried out Shua
surface and another big plus
paint consumption just one liter per 15 18
meters in 1 layer the next representative
from the Scandinavian paint factory
bear 3 those of us analogue known in
Kirov ceiling paint wind layer
3 but it should be borne in mind that with equal
the price of bear 3 is sweeter than the wind layer 3
their consumption is also the same liter by 8
square meters drying time
half an hour from dust and three hours before applying
next layer and finish our review
paint German manufacturer caparol
this is top quality ceiling paint
silicone resin based on strength
it is logical
odor free no harmful
impurities are good at applying perfectly
hides minor defects
surfaces are very comfortable to apply when
staining large areas just like
and under difficult working conditions for example
in low light paint consumption 1
liter per 7 square meters in 1 layer
coating quality with the right
applying paint flawless every one
suggested paint options
premium class
perfect for painting the ceiling you
can choose any of them without fear
there will be no unpleasant surprises